This is a video where I'll give you the solution to the current exercise. If you followed the previous
exercises you have noted that the solutions were given in text format.
However for some exercises such as this one where  I think I need to give you a broader explanation on
how the exercise is solved, the format will be video.
This also helps you relief reading fatigue and eyestrain so you get more engaged with the course and
eventually you'll learn better.
So I'll be combining video and text throughout the course.
Now back to the solution of this exercise. Right click, open Atom.
So I'm using Atom editor to write and execute my code.
Let me close all the tabs and open Exercise 3.
dot py.
I'm also using the platformio ide package.
So it's an embedded terminal and this is the solution.
So for this exercise you are asked to tell about the reason you're getting an error and the error was a
name error.
You always always need to focus on the error message so don't panic, don't ignore the error.
This is very important.
So here you have the line where the error is occurring.
So this file 3.py line 4. And here is the line printed out.
So this is one in here.
And then you have the type of the error.
So there are many types of errors of errors and name error is one of the types. A name error means
that a name you have provided in the code it's not valid but you need to see the explanation beside
the type of the error.
So after the colon you usually have the explanation of the error.
This says name C is not defined, so name C is not defined.
And that is true you haven't defined any names in here.
So that's the reason of the error. These are assignments operators and so these are comparison operators.
So you are comparing if a equals to b,
so if value of a is equal to b and if value of b is equal to c, but c doesn't have a value.
And so you're geting an error.
So if your logic was the same as mine then you can mark this exercise as solved.
Great, then I'll talk to you latter.